# Codebots_0x5

## SnapCamp Summary
SnapCamp is a web-based tool allowing students, faculty, and staff to inform, collaborate, and resolve real-time issues on a college campus. Issues presented with visual and textual references will allow campus communities to more quickly identify, act upon, and complete campus maintenance, events, and security threats with an attractive and easy-to-use interface which encourages wide adoptability and usage. SnapCamp enables the community as a whole to be more tightly coupled and engaged, leading to a safer, happier, and cleaner campus environment.

The connected world can be readily seen on today’s college campus. Nearly every person on campus has the means to take a photo, type a comment, and post it to the internet through a variety of social media and electronic devices. These social media outlets allow people and communities to stay connected, but one community missing today is the community in which they are actually present - the campus itself. SnapCamp aims to bring the people present on any given college campus together to improve the campus they share.

A variety of similar technologies exist today which allow for issues to be submitted, tracked, and resolved with updates and overall issue management. SnapCamp is a unique offering within the product space due to the comprehensive features it provides in comparison to the competition and the directed focus on the college campus community and environment. The multi-platform, easy-to-use interface, shared by much of the competition, is backed by the unique features of service comments, safety alerts, and staff management that set it apart in the marketplace.

Usability, accessibility, and performance are the driving design factors in the development of SnapCamp. Users must be able to access web-based products from a variety of sources, and be able to use the product in a simple and efficient manner. These factors were at the forefront of design and development decisions, and allow SnapCamp to be both easy to use while performing reliably to be seen as a reliable tool for issue tracking. The latest development tools and methods within the industry are used for product development, including model-driven engineering, agile software development, use-case development, and business process modeling system design.

SnapCamp is developed by Ramiro Alvarez, Gabriel Delgado, Sophina Luitel, Mark Swanson of Codebots_0x5 as part of CEN5035_2016F Software Engineering. Ramiro Alvarez is a full-time student at Florida Atlantic University within the Computer Engineering department with a background in web and UI development. Gabriel Delgado is a Software Engineer and Consultant for 4BB Corp and pursuing a M.S degree in Information Technology and Management from Florida Atlantic University. Sophina Luitel is a full-time Master’s student of Florida Atlantic University pursuing a degree in Computer Science. Mark Swanson is a graduate student of Florida Atlantic University and full-time Digital Applications Engineer with Texas Instruments focused on embedded systems design and development.
